Imagine that you run an ice cream shop. You sell three different main items – ice cream cones, milkshakes, and floats. You have a large number of different flavors of ice cream available.


Ice cream cones can be made of either one or two scoops, and each scoop can be any available flavor. The cone can be only one of the available waffle cones. Milkshakes can only be made with one flavor of ice cream, and must be made with either skim, whole, or 2% milk. Floats can be made with any number of scoops of any number of different flavors, plus one available soda.

Finally, your store offers discounts, but only on milkshakes and floats and not on ice cream cones. Utilizing Object Oriented Programming, design and build a system that will store the listed information. Your submitted solution should contain not only the source code for the classes you have created, but also contain example usage of these classes.

You must:
- create at least one of each of your product types (ice cream cone, milkshake, float)
- purchase at least one item with a discount
- use at least 5 different flavors of ice cream
- use at least two different serving vessels(waffle cone, cup, etc).
- use at least 3 different flavors of soda

Questions some have asked:

I assume that PHP is the preferred language for this OOP exercise? 
Yes, PHP is preferred but any language can be used.

Should the storage of information be performed in a MySQL or other database, or do
you mean that the information should just be stored in the objects I create for this project? 
The objects can store the information, although you could use a mysql database.

Should the solution be complete with an HTML web form for ordering? 
It is not required, but can be used if you prefer.

When submitting examples of usage, do you also mean
screenshots or simply applications I write which utilize the objects I create? 
We would like to see the application, not screenshots.